What is 0xBitcoin?
An overview of 0xBitcoin, the first purely-mined ERC20 token on Ethereum.

0xBitcoin is the first fully decentralized ERC20 token
and is the first purely mined token on Ethereum
and it aims to be the primary medium of exchange
and store of value on the Ethereum network.
The 0xBitcoin token was deployed to the Ethereum blockchain in
February 2018 with the following attributes:
first mineable token,
ERC20 compatible,
no pre-mine or instamine,
and no ICO.
Ether was never intended to act as a currency, and
0xBitcoin will allow Ether to fulfill its sole intended purpose
of securing the Ethereum network.
0xBitcoin takes the best properties of Bitcoin and Ethereum
and combines them into one token.
It can be mined exactly like Bitcoin
but transferred 10 times faster and 100 times cheaper.
0xBitcoin combines the Bitcoin properties of
block rewards, proof-of-work issuance,
and a 21 million coin cap
with the Ethereum properties of
speed, DApps, and DEX trading.
And unlike Ether, it interfaces with smart contracts
for storing and transferring value.
While Bitcoin can only be traded using centralized means,
0xBitcoin can be traded permissionlessly via
smart contracts which cannot be affected or controlled
by central entities.
It is also immune to 51% attacks.
Add all this to the proven market demand for a
faster version of Bitcoin, as we've seen in
Litecoin's success, and it is plain that
0xBitcoin fills a hole in the crypto market space.
People are excited about the project in no small part due to
the decentralization of the token
and the active and engaged community
which has sprung up around the token.
The community has achieved several key milestones
since the project's launch, including
creating an EIP specifically for mineable tokens,
creation of mining pools with multiple new mining clients,
as well as ongoing development of Lava Wallet,
Quarry, and off-chain transactions.
0xBitcoin is a unique project, backed by a passionate community
dedicated to making it the primary transfer of value
for the Ethereum network.
